It's you who doesn't
Retribution is coming soon
You don't know him?
Who would know someone like him?
But he belongs to the same company as the equation he hit you last time.
What a coincidence!
Miss Zhang is right
Now here's a little more coincidental thing.
The barbecue stand thing
I was there.
Congratulations, Miss Zhang.
Congratulations on what?
Of course, congratulations on getting your wish to marry
Chen Shao is a famous young genius in our Jiangcheng
How many women dream of marrying Chen Shao
That's true.
I heard that the girls who pursue Chen Shao are all lined up
Miss Zhang, you are so lucky.
Okay, okay.
Let's not talk about that
Go fast
What's the matter with you?
What is he doing here?
How do I know?
Who knew they would have such a good relationship with me in the future?
Get rid of him for me now
Otherwise
I asked you to show me
OK
Chief, I am this year
Oh, dear.
Sorry, sorry brother, it got dirty.